---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-permalink":"Privacy-policy","permalink":"/Privacy-policy/","title":"Privacy Policy","noteIcon":"","created":"","updated":""}
---


## Who We Are:

Chaotic Organized, chaoticorganized.com is owned by Chaotic Organized LLC, a Limited Liability Corporation registered in Indiana.

Chaotic Organized understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your information is used and shared online. 

Our site only collects and uses information in ways that are consistent with your rights and our obligations under the law. Namely, data is processed:

- When you give specific and express consent for us to do so
- When necessary for the performance of a contract, where you are a party to that contract (for example, if you buy something we will need to collect payment and delivery information in order to deliver that product to you)
- When necessary for compliance with a legal obligation
- When necessary in order to protect the vital interest of the data subject (you) or of another natural person
- When necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us, except where such interest is overridden by your interest or fundamental rights and freedoms. 

This Policy applies to our use of any and all data collected by us in accordance with your use of our site. 

Please be sure to carefully read this Privacy Policy and ensure that you understand it.

**YOU ARE CONSIDERED TO HAVE ACCEPTED OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY WHEN YOU FIRST USE OUR SITE**. If you do not agree to and accept our privacy policy, then you must stop using our site. 

By using our site you certify that you are an adult, at least 18 years of age.

## What personal data we collect and why we collect it

### Personal Information Collected on this Website

No personally-identifiable information is automatically collected on this website from persons that browse our website. The only personally-identifiable information collected on this website is gathered in our comment area and on specified sign up forms, where fields are provided so that you can provide your name and email address to leave a comment or receive a download, newsletter or other emails on updates, giveaways, or other offers. We collect this information so that we can respond to the comments or questions that you post. 

For additional detail on how we collect and use personally identifiable information, please see the table below.

### Anonymous Information Collected on this Website

We record anonymous data. Most of the information that we collect from this website is anonymous information, such as the pages you visit. Other anonymous data we may collect might include the name of your internet service provider, the website that you used to link to our site, other interests you have, basic demographic information, the websites that you visit from our site, and your IP address. The data is used for statistical purposes only, but you, as the individual user, remain anonymous. We use this anonymous information to help improve the content of this site and to compile aggregate statistics about individuals using our site for internal market research purposes.

For additional detail on how we collect and use anonymous information, please see the table below.

### Cookies

Cookies are small text files placed on your computer or device by our site when you visit certain parts of our site.

When you visit our website, we may assign your computer one or more cookies to facilitate access to our website, personalize your online experience and record information about your visit. 

Through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our website, such as the web pages you visit, the links or advertisements you click on and other actions you take while on our website. 

The cookies do not store any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) about you. 

**Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies.** 

If you choose to decline cookies, please note that some of the features and services of our website may not function properly.  We also use cookies for purposes such as maintaining continuity during an online session; gathering data about the use of our site; monitoring online promotions; and anti-fraud and information security purposes.

We may allow third-parties, advertising companies and ad networks ("Advertisers") to display advertisements on our website. Advertisers may use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. 

Our website does not provide any PII to these Advertisers, but they may collect information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw and/or clicked on the advertisements they delivered, and possibly associate this information with your subsequent visits to the advertised websites. They also may combine this information with personal information they collect directly from you. The collection and use of that personal information is subject to the particular Advertiser’s privacy policy. 

### Embedded content from other websites

Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.).

Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. 

These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. 

### Links to Other Sites

Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. Our site does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.

Through affiliate links, identifying information may be carried over to an outside site to show that you visited that site from our site to ensure proper commissions are issued.

Chaotic Organized is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com 

<table><tbody><tr><td><strong>Service/Tool/Method to collect data</strong></td><td><strong>Data Collected</strong></td><td><strong>How it’s Collected</strong></td><td><strong>Why it’s Collected</strong></td><td><strong>Legal Basis for collection</strong></td></tr><tr><td>Flodesk</td><td>Name, email address, IP address</td><td>Form submission</td><td>To deliver downloads, newsletters or other emails on updates, giveaways, or other offers.</td><td>Consent</td></tr><tr><td>KingSumo Giveaways</td><td>Name, email address</td><td>Form Submission</td><td>To allow data subject to enter giveaway and send updates on the giveaway including announcing the winner</td><td>consent</td></tr><tr><td>Cloudflare</td><td>Anonymous IP address</td><td>Cookie</td><td>To detect and prevent malicious visitors to our site</td><td>necessary</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Forms</td><td>Name, email address</td><td>Form Submission</td><td>To allow the data subject to contact our site with any questions, comments, or other information they would like to submit privately</td><td>Consent</td></tr><tr><td>Comments</td><td>Name, email address, website, Ip address, and browser user agent string</td><td>Form submission</td><td>We collect the data show in the comments form and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection</td><td>Consent and necessity</td></tr><tr><td>Google Analytics</td><td>Posts and pages visited, name of your internet service provider, the website that you used to link to our site, other interests you have, basic demographic information, the websites that you visit from our site, and your IP address</td><td>Cookie</td><td>For statistical purposes to provide a better user experience</td><td>Consent &amp; Necessity</td></tr><tr><td>Share A Sale</td><td></td><td>Cookie</td><td>Used by cloudflare to identify trusted web traffic</td><td>necessary</td></tr><tr><td>Instagram</td><td></td><td>Cookie</td><td>Helps prevent cross site request forgery</td><td>necessary</td></tr><tr><td>Pinterest</td><td>Track the usage of services</td><td>Cookie</td><td>Helps prevent cross site request forgery</td><td>necessary</td></tr><tr><td>WooCommerce</td><td>Payment and delivery information</td><td>Form Submission</td><td>To deliver products and process payments</td><td>Necessary for performance of a contract</td></tr><tr><td>Pinterest Pixel</td><td>Information to help track conversions from Pinterest to our site</td><td>Cookie</td><td>Used by Pinterest to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real-time bidding from third party advertisers</td><td>Consent</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Who we share your data with

We contract with the third parties listed in the table above to supply products, services, and a good user experience on our behalf. These include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising, and marketing. 

In some cases, these parties may require access to some or all of your data, when that is the case we take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with the law. 

## How long we retain your data

If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.

For users that register on our website, we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.

Information collected using Google analytics is retained for 26 months.

Information submitted through forms, such as email forms or contact forms are retained until such a time as the data subject chooses to unsubscribe or invokes their right under GDPR to be forgotten. 

## What rights you have over your data

If you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. 

You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.

Similarly, if you have subscribed to our email list you can unsubscribe at any time and make a request to the site administrator to have all personal data obtained via our email marketing service erased.

## Rights of California Residents

If you reside in California, California Law (CCPA) gives you the right to ask if we sell or disclose your personal information to third parties. 

We don’t sell your personal information to third parties for others’ direct marketing. We have never sold your personal information in the past. California law also gives you the right to opt out of such sales. 

## Where we send your data

Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. 

## How to contact us

Should you have any questions or concerns regarding our site or this privacy policy you may contact us at mail@chaoticorganized.com.

## Changes to our privacy policy

We may change this privacy policy as we deem necessary from time to time or as required by law. Any changes will be posted on our site and you will have been deemed to have accepted them on your first use of our site following alterations. You should check this page regularly to ensure you are keeping up to date.
